Come on, aren't we selling wheelchairs?
What are you doing here?
Before we made friends, the Taoist told me that Dong Phuong station was for sale.
We can't sell wheelchairs to them.
But we have 100 people.
Can they buy it all?
Then we must find the leader of the Eastern Thanh Cang sect to talk.
Go.
Lazy people stop
First we come to find your boss to talk about cooperation.
They can.
You can not, we are together.
Sorry. That's the rule.
So you say.
What rules?
Don't let me in.
You are not dressed properly.
We are all noble officials here.
You are not dressed as beggars should be.
Dressed sloppily?
So why can they?
They are women.
Wait.
Howl.
Hey, why are you making friends here? Daoist Moc Huong said, we meet again after such a short time.
Why don't you come in?
They said I was not dressed properly.
Don't let me in.
I will take you in.
He can't get in.
He is my friend.
Okay, but captains need to pay to queue.